# Football-Hackathon-Analytics-Vidhya
Spanish footballing giant Sevilla FC together with FC Bengaluru United, one of India’s most exciting football teams have launched a Football Hackathon – Data-Driven Player Performance Assessment. This Hackathon will be a unique opportunity to effectively use data science in the space of professional football scouting and player performance analysis and enhancement and are excited to have you on the journey.   Today, data garnered from live tracking and eventing offers a deep insight into the individual players as well as overall team performance across various different aspects. The information contained in such datasets ranges from physical and kinematic variables right up to complex game-related technical and tactical metrics. While we have access to such rich and precise datasets, we are yet to effectively use these to identify the key actions that make outstanding the performance of players in the whole spectrum of roles and positions.  And this is exactly what we are looking for you to address in this Hackathon! We are giving you access to one of the largest proprietary scouting datasets in the world - physical, contextual, kinematical, technical, and tactical oriented data related to the players, the team as a whole, and their opponents. We want you to leverage this data as a strategic asset, to create an algorithm, that will be able to decompose the performance of the players into its main objective elements. and therefore, to help Sevilla FC and FC Bengaluru United to obtain a competitive advantage against their opponents.  
